---
layout: job-post
title: Senior QA Engineer (IONOS Networks) 
company: IONOS Networks
link: https://www.ionosnetworks.com 
location: Bangalore
experience: 10
description: IONOS Networks is a stealth mode, venture-backed startup and seeking the best and brightest with the passion to reinvent networking to join the team.  
---

### Description 
IONOS Networks is a stealth mode, venture-backed startup and seeking the best and brightest with the passion to reinvent networking to join the team.

### Job description
IONOS is seeking experienced Quality Assurance Engineers. Some of the responsibilities involve executing on QA testing strategy, working with operations to streamline Dev-to-QA and QA-to-Production flow, working with the developers during architecture/design phase, automation of all QA activities etc.
We prefer candidates, who have one month notice period with the current employer.
Engineers with 10+ years of proven technical record in some combination of the following areas are encouraged to apply:
* Must have automation experience using python or similar languages.
* Experience with L4-L7 Networking in Data Centre, WAN.
* Experience with IP, TCP & UDP Linux host stack.
* Experience with Public Cloud (AWS EC2, GCE GKE etc) technologies.
* Experience with Firewall, IPS/IDS, Secure Proxy, Load Balancer, NAT etc.
* Exposure to security technologies e.g. TLS, PKI, SSL.
* Experience with Docker/ Rkt, Kubernetes.
* Experience with VPN (Application, L2VPN) Technologies.
* Performance Debugging experience with GoLang, Java environments.
* Exposure to Mongodb / Cassandra / Kafka / Zookeeper / ELK.
* Exposure to Security testing e.g. PEN, Vulnerability assessment.
