---
layout: job-post
title: Senior DevOps Engineer (Kubernetes) - Reliance Jio  
company: Reliance Jio 
link: https://www.jio.com 
location: Bangalore/Mumbai
experience: 5
description: In this role, you will participate in all parts of running a massive scale platform service, from automating service deployments, developing CI/CD pipelines for infrastructure, running and operating Kubernetes clusters at scale, and troubleshooting customer issues with Kubernetes.
---

### Description 

The Jio Platform Engineering team provides the back and front-end services that enable Jio Web Services (JWS) customers to utilize our platform services. Our teams tackle challenges at the intersection of unique business problems and massive distributed computing. We take on projects to re-define the Infrastructure as a Service industry by continuously raising the bar on customer experience, operational excellence and platform features. An improvement in our system can impact every one of the >150 million Jio customers.

The Platform Engineering team is agile, fast-moving team driving the future of this central Jio platform. We are providing Kubernetes as a Service and are looking for a Senior DevOps engineers who are experts in operating Kubernetes.

In this role, you will participate in all parts of running a massive scale platform service, from automating service deployments, developing CI/CD pipelines for infrastructure, running and operating Kubernetes clusters at scale, and troubleshooting customer issues with Kubernetes.

Successful candidates will usually have a high degree of experience with Kubernetes, its architecture and running application services on top of Kubernetes.
Preferred Qualifications:- 5 plus years of systems administration experience in Unix and production web environment. **Kubernetes exposure will be preferred**. **Certified Kubernetes Administration** certification is a big bonus.
- Experience with Unix, Linux and open source software configuration and deployment
- Experience as systems engineer handling different aspects of a production site like web servers, network issue debugging, good understanding of TCP/IP protocols, DNS, racking and cabling, server configuration and experience working in a 24x7 environment.
- Experience with Incident, release and change management.
- Good experience with scripting and automation using Perl, shell, Python or any other scripting languages.
- Experience with configuration management software like Puppet. Saltstack experience will be preferred.
- Experience with monitoring of Enterprise servers using Prometheus, and creating operational dashboard using Grafana.
- Basic experience handling databases like Postgres, MySQL and MongoDB.

### Key Responsibility  
- Responsible for administration, monitoring and management of Kubernetes clusters in Reliance datacenters
- Responsible for configuration management, automation of processes
- Responsible for capacity planning and optimization of existing resources and infrastructure
- Responsible for production support and oncall on 16x7 basis

### Key Accountabilities 
- Kubernetes administration and monitoring along with production support and oncall.
- Automation, deployment and configuration management.
- Subject matter expert on different components of Kubernetes. 

### Key Performance Indicators
- Individual will be measured against 100% uptime of Kubernetes cloud and component availability
- Elimination of manual processes and 100% automation of processes in the Kubernetes cloud

### Professional Experience/Qualification
Educational Qualification:
Necessary: Engineering graduate 
Desirable: BE Computer Science or MTech Computer Science

### Soft Skills  
- An engineer who ‘Simply gets the work done’ and suggests technical solutions	
- Strong commitment towards team building, partnerships, and collaborations
- Excellent communication skills and subject knowledge	
- Excellent execution, organizing	
- The ability to gain trust and respect of his juniors, peers, seniors and the market alike 
